Add stacker and signer how to guides (#33)
stacks-network/sbtc-docs: src/how-to-stacker.md

# How to Participate as a Stacker

> Participating as a Stacker in the Stacks Blockchain is an essential role that involves validating and adding new sBTC transactions to the blockchain. As a Stacker, you are responsible for ensuring the accuracy and integrity of these transactions. To become a Stacker, you must hold and temporarily lock STX, Stacks’ native currency, and support the network’s security and consensus. As a reward, you earn BTC. 

Reviewer: Nit: I think the first sentence can cause some confusion since we don't specify which sBTC transactions and which of the blockchains they are added to. I'd suggest just claiming that stackers are essential for the liveliness of sBTC. We can leave the details to the "Stacker responsibilities" page.

```suggestion
Participating as a Stacker in the Stacks Blockchain is an essential role to ensure the liveliness of sBTC. To become a Stacker, you must hold and temporarily lock STX, Stacks’ native currency, and support the network’s security and consensus. As a reward, you earn BTC. 
```

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: I'd consider the paragraph above also part of the introduction so we can skip this header.
```suggestion
```

> There are multiple ways for you to stack and earn Bitcoin - either [through an exchange](#stacking-through-an-exchange), a [non-custodial pool](#stacking-through-a-non-custodial-pool), or [independently](#independent-stacking). The most appropriate choice depends on your crypto experience and the amount of STX you have at your disposal. For direct participation, Stacks holders need a dynamic minimum amount of STX (approximately 100,000k STX during the mainnet, but this amount fluctuates based on overall participation and supply). If you don't meet this minimum, you can still participate by leveraging third-party Stacking delegation services. These services enable pooling your holdings with others, allowing joint participation. A complete breakdown of the stacking mechanism can be found in [SIP-007](https://github.com/stacksgov/sips/blob/main/sips/sip-007/sip-007-stacking-consensus.md).

Reviewer 2: Add a link here to the API endpoint where they can see this minimum.
```suggestion
There are multiple ways for you to stack and earn Bitcoin - either [through an exchange](#stacking-through-an-exchange), a [non-custodial pool](#stacking-through-a-non-custodial-pool), or [independently](#independent-stacking). The most appropriate choice depends on your crypto experience and the amount of STX you have at your disposal. For direct participation, Stacks holders need a dynamic minimum amount of STX (approximately 100,000k STX during the mainnet, but this amount fluctuates based on overall participation and supply. See the [`pox` endpoint](https://docs.hiro.so/api#tag/Info/operation/get_pox_info) of the Hiro API to get the minimum of the next cycle). If you don't meet this minimum, you can still participate by leveraging third-party Stacking delegation services. These services enable pooling your holdings with others, allowing joint participation. A complete breakdown of the stacking mechanism can be found in [SIP-007](https://github.com/stacksgov/sips/blob/main/sips/sip-007/sip-007-stacking-consensus.md).
```

> Below is a documentation guide that outlines the steps to participate as a Stacker in the Stacks blockchain network, along with the responsibilities and actions involved in the role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is a documentation guide that outlines the steps to participate as a Stacker in the Stacks blockchain network, along with the responsibilities and actions involved in the role. Options for stacking through an exchange a pool can be found on the [stacks.co stacking page](https://www.stacks.co/learn/stacking#startstacking).
```
